Chief Master Ouyang
You the protagonist
Mr. He on speed
Who can compare to your swordsmanship of Canopy Sword Sect?
Even if you can't beat others, you can't catch up.
Sect Master Ouyang is straightforward
It seems that he is very confident in Ye Wuji
Tianxiao Zhenren
I don't have confidence in my apprentice
Do you want to hate you?
Does the female apprentice who loves the rich have confidence?
Ouyang second child
Your wolf's mouth is amazing
I just don't know if I have any real skills.
You'll know if you have the ability later.
He, Lin Xiyue, could never be Ye Wuji's opponent
Don't be too full
This night is endless
Let's go through the five elements formation in my cloud first
It is Ye Wuji. Exactly
If you want to worship the mountain, pass us first
It's the brothers who make up for me